welcome to the man of recaps this is mr.
robot season 1 meet Elliot Alderson he's
a computer genius who spends his free
time as a hacktivist exposing child
pornography rings and such but this
isn't some cool superhero hackers show
he's got severe social anxiety and
incredible paranoia in fact any given
shot of the series it's him walking the
streets with his hood up talking to us
his imaginary friend by day he works
cyber security at allsafe and their
biggest client is Ecore p-- they're a
mega corporation that owns everything
and throughout the series they're only
referred to as evil Corp as a powerful
group of people out there that are
secretly running the world if you love
corporate overlord conspiracy theories
this is the show for you
part of Elliott's grudges personal evil
Corp killed his father but more on that
later
one night someone's hacking evil Corp
and it's a doozy Elliot's got to go to
the physical servers and only because
he's the best in the biz is he able to
shut it down the hackers left a call
sign their name is f society and the
next day on the train Elliot meets
Christian Slater who only goes by mr.
robot turns out that hack was a test for
Elliot they want him to join F Society
they're a cool hacker group with a
headquarters and an abandoned arcade and
they're into the same kind of taken down
corporations that Elliot's all about
they're planning the hack of the century
on evil Corp they want to erase all debt
in the world so Elliot meets the rest of
the crew there's Mobley and Romero and
Trenton and then there's Darlene who's
got a very Fight Club Marla singer
trashy chic I don't care about anything
cyberpunk cool she's the type of girl
that breaks into your apartment to use
your shower because she doesn't want to
pay your water bill Elliot opens up to
mr. robot about how his father worked at
an evil Corp chemical plant but it
leaked and gave him cancer killed him
but his dad wanted to keep it a secret
so when Elliot told their mom he got mad
and accidentally pushed him out a window
mr. robots like okay that's nice kid get
over it we got work to do evil corpse
backup data is stored in steel mountain
which is totally offline so they have to
take it out in person long story short
they fake that Elliot's some sort of
tech billionaire so he can get a tour
and sneak in a bug to the climate
control system that way they can raise
the temperature and fry all the servers
the operation is a success but they're
partnering with a Chinese hacker group
the
dark army more on them later they're
pulling out and if they don't take out
the backups in China taking down steel
mountain will be a total waste so
there's time for some side plots Eliot
sees a psychiatrist he really likes
Krista but Elliot hacks the guy she's
been dating and turns out he's secretly
married Elliot threatens to expose him
unless he breaks up with Krista and he's
also a terrible dog owner so Elliot
takes his dog flipper
this will actually matter later to deal
with his crippling depression Elliot
self-medicates snorting morphine which
he buys from his hot neighbor Shayla
who's also a little weird so they end up
dating but her suppliers a very bad dude
who wants Shayla for himself so Elliot
cracks his drug code sends it to the
cops gets him arrested but this guy
figured out it was Elliot he has his
boys on the outside kidnapped Shayla and
threatened to kill her if Elliot doesn't
hack him out of jail long story short
Elliot pulls it off but he killed Shayla
anyway
no Elliot does have a real-life friend
Angela they grew up together so she
understands that he never says anything
out loud her mom died from the same evil
Corp chemical leak that Elliot's dad did
eff society lease documents implicating
Terry Colby so Angela wants to reopen
the case she talks to Colby in person
like hey why did you kill my mom and
he's like yo it wasn't personal it was
just cheaper to let her die than it was
to fix the plant he's like hey you got
gumption kid why don't you take a job at
evil Corp n maybe you can change it from
the inside so Angela does start working
for evil Corp and the CEO Phillip price
takes a special interest in her also
working that evil Corp is tyrell wellick
he's kind of a dark reflection of Elliot
he's also a little crazy but in an
American Psycho kind of way he doesn't
murder people but he does pay homeless
men to let him beat them up he figured
out that Elliot was involved in the
first deaf society hack but he thought
it was a personal vendetta against Harry
Colby because of Elliot's father and
Tyrell is fine with that he's like hey
now I get to be chief technology officer
but the company's decided to hire
someone else which is not okay
Tyrells got a hot pregnant wife and
they're both Swedish or something by the
way she's into some kinky sex and she's
just as cutthroat as him so at the party
for the new CTO she's like Tyrell go
seduce his wife so we have leverage over
him now a little bit of choking can be
sexy but a lot of choking is murder
so Tyrell accidentally kills that guy's
wife though
the part of the plan now back to the
main plot Eliot finally gets a meeting
with the leader of the dark army this
woman named White Rose she's obsessed
with time has her watch beep every
minute but long story short Eliot
convinces her to join back in the hack
Darlene is very excited their plans
finally happening and in the heat of the
moment Eliot kisses her which does not
get a good reaction you see there's
something very important that Eliot
completely forgot you're my sister yeah
Eliot you done Game of Thrones to
yourself
Eliot starts to realize he might be
crazier than he thought Eliot pulls out
his only open if you think you're crazy
CD which has a bunch of pictures showing
that mr. robot is his father he's like
that's right son
I'm secretly alive but when the girls
track him down he'll he is all alone and
his father's definitely dead
that's right Eliot you fight Club to
yourself yeah mr. robot is Elliot split
personality he actually found it f
society without Elliot Elliot knowing
and while Elliot's still trying to
process that he's completely bonkers
tyrell wellick walks into his apartment
he knows about the hack because he's had
secret meetings with Elliot as mr. robot
and when evil Corp fires him he's like
hell yeah let's do it
cut to three days later Elliot wakes up
in Tyrells car with no memory of what
happened turns out he and Tyrell went
through with the hack and it worked all
that was a race to half society starts a
revolution but while his friends are
partying Elliot's trying to convince mr.
robot to fill him in on what happened
and where Tyrell is then that night
Elliot gets a knock on his door and
that's where season 1 comes to an end
[Music]